What is that?
Or who is that?
Kerr?
I thought Thunderfeng ate all the Forbidden Five or something.
Are we sure he didn't?
Kerr looks not amazing.
They're back!
They?
It's an attack!
By what? I don't see anything.
I told you, the invisible!
We must push the blast somehow!
It's kind of hard to smack someone in the face when you can't see their face!
This is just like last night!
I've never seen anything like this before.
Put not intended now is not the time for jokes!
Wait! I have seen something like this before!
They're Dragonians?
Invisible Dragonians?
They look like the Soul Suckers from the Spectral Lands!
They're draining their lives into that weird instrument!
When I say duck, duck!
My blade's made of prismatic steel!
It should stop them!
Kerring, win for the ducking!
Oh, that's bad!
Not only did my blade not destroy them,
these things can break prismatic steel!
When we get there, let me do all the talking!
I don't need so-called ninja ruining my flow!
Whoa!
Did we hit something?
No?
Just Wildfire's driving.
Weren't you supposed to practice flying this thing before we left?
Aw, me, me, me, me, me!
Weren't you supposed to not be so judgy about my driving?
Huh!
I'm the captain now!
My ship, my rules!
Huh?
Ah!
Can you just keep your eyes on the sky?
Okay!
How about your face to the sky?
Ah!
I've been to the administration before.
Fine by me if you want to do all the talking, Jay.
They'll probably fine me for not having a talking permit.
How did you end up working there anyway?
It's a long story.
Or a short story.
Who knows?
I have zero memory of anything before the merge.
We've told you what your life was like before the merge.
Yeah!
So did the administration.
So did Roz.
I now know not to believe any of you.
But I do know this.
My first memories?
I found myself alone in the land of madness.
Didn't even know my name.
Then I spotted some nice young people in business suits,
and I just had a feeling I could trust them.
Because they were wearing suits?
Yeah!
So I went up to them,
and it turns out they were looking for me.
They told me my name was Jay Walker,
and that I was an agent of the administration,
just like them.
How'd they know your name?
How does the administration know anything?
They said I'd worked there my whole life
and had to get back to my job
managing the Realm Reassignment Office.
And you just believed them.
Suits, Greenie.
Suits.
Turns out I was a natural,
so it made sense.
That's who I really was.
So these suits claimed to know you?
Uh, their boss did.
Apparently the administrator sent them a message
to go and get me.
Ugh!
Who's the administrator?
No clue.
No one I talked to had ever actually seen him.
Or her.
Or them.
Or it.
Sounds creepy.
So what did you actually do there?
Realm Reassignment.
You know this.
People they'd find in empty space bubbles after the merge.
My job was to send them back to wherever I thought they came from.
Where you thought they came from?
You, who has no memory of anything or anywhere from before the merge?
Look out!
I was working with the best information I could get.
And sure, there might have been a few mix-ups, but there's no proof of that.
And if there was proof, it would have been shredded and or burned.
Ugh!
Just a few mix-ups?
You're famously terrible at guessing games.
Hey!
No lie!
You tank every charades team you've ever been on.
You expect me to believe I ever played charades?
I don't even know what charades is.
Yet you remember Aaron's parents?
Of course!
Jenny and Barry!
I had to enter reassignment logs every night in triplicate.
Then in the weekly reports, then the monthly reports, plus corporate memos.
So that's how you know where they are now?
Yeah, where I sent them.
The Land of Li.
Then why aren't we flying straight there instead of wasting our time at the administration?
You can get to the location by air or boat.
But the only way to get into the real Land of Li is through the Realm Reassignment Area.
It won't make any sense until you experience it for yourselves.
Oh, sounds dangerous.
Now I'm excited!
And we can trust you?
You did shatter your goodness.
You have no reason to trust me.
But you don't have a choice, do you?
Sold!
Let's go!
What's with the cake?
Let's just hope we don't have to use it.
This is not our battle!
These people need our help!
The Pontifex Magicus has been hollowed and is of no use to me anymore!
We're not leaving!
Doug!
Can't say I'm into fighting with a stubby blade!
Where's the other half?
What?
You have some glue?
Can you light this up?
A brighter color?
I think that might be a bit gaudy for the...
No, illuminate it!
Oh, light it up!
Why didn't you say so?
Could you use a coconut?
No, I need light!
Just asking?
Some people like coconuts!
Guess not you!
There are way more of these things than I realized.
Come on!
This way!
We must leave!
The only reason we came here was to find the underworld!
Oh, the underworld!
I know exactly where that is.
Well, not exactly, but I knew exactly where where math is, and that will tell me exactly.
Where?
Ninja!
Protect this woman!
She can help us on our quest!
I can take care of myself!
Anchor's way!
Everyone alive?
Not sure.
I've never seen the administration from the outside.
It's so...
boring.
I'm looking directly at it, and already forgot everything about it.
So, how are we sneaking in?
Air vents?
Basements?
Blast a giant hole, please!
My instinct is a full attack.
Sword slicing, taking out any and every agent that dares stand up to us.
Show them what true power is.
But there's too many of them, and that plan could fail.
And that's not how ninja handle things.
You really did shatter your goodness, didn't you?
It's cute you think I had goodness to shatter.
Nope.
Straight-on attack won't work.
So I got something better.
Zoots!
Am I right?
Now watch this.
Halt!
Alan!
Underwood!
What's shaking?
A little informal for a morning greeting.
But it is casual Friday, so I'll allow it.
Returning from sabbatical, Agent Jay Walker?
Yep.
And since today is Bring Your Ninja Warrior Friends to Work Day, I have companions heading
to guest services to fill out their paperwork and get temporary badges.
Hmm.
Bring Your Ninja Warrior Friends to Work Day was last week.
That escalated quickly.
Uh, we must have just got the B-Y-N-W-F-T-W day wrong.
That's not your most egregious offense, Agent Walker.
You have long been on our most wanted list for abandoning your post.
Ah!
We must leave!
It's the only way to keep you truly safe!
Look at it, kitten!
I'm going to protect this village with my last pop of magic if I must!
Ah!
What's happening?
It's morning. They must not be able to stand the sun.
I don't understand. It's like the Spectral Lands spread into this town, but only have power at night.
Can these people be cured? Do we need to hunt down Kerr and return their life forces?
Forget them. Our goal is to forge Source Dragon icons. And because of your choices, we failed.
That's not our fault.
It is your fault. Yours and the Source is a selfishness.
Without her help, we're forced to find another way to the Underworld. If that's even possible.
Cole and Zane said she lives in the monastery that appeared here.
Maybe if we take her back home, we can help her get less hollowed out. And find her map to the Underworld.
Sora, that's a great idea!
Let us find this monastery.
I can't believe you got us stuck in here. What kind of plan was that?
This is just like you. You always had the weirdest, worst ideas, but usually they were charming somehow.
This one is just plain stupid.
Trust me. Everything is going exactly as planned.
Don't see how that's possible.
I knew the moment we entered the building, alarms would go off because I left the company, which no one ever does.
Then we'd get sent here, deep into the inner workings, exactly where we need to be.
In a cell with no escape.
Yeah, it's perfect, because now the administration thinks they have us under their control.
Now all we have to do is escape.
Hey! Agent Etha! Yes! I'm talking to you!
I know you don't get much company in here.
So, Agent Underwood told me you were really into Merlopian dance rituals and celebrations.
Any interest in telling us more about that?
I've been waiting for someone to ask me that my whole life.
Dance ethnography is a really fascinating subject.
In a show with them with exotic flowers, the town would elect a sacrifice.
The lights would fade up and the lead dancer would descend with a fan and a lantern at the magical eel.
You sure I'm not boring you?
Anyway, the audience threw gummy candy on the stage.
Shall I demonstrate?
Ta-da!
Eat the candy.
That was informative, Etha.
And doesn't their sacred winter dance involve a blindfold?
I can't believe you know that!
And I just so happen to have my dance blindfold with me for exactly this potential scenario.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I trust her's still there and enjoying this silently.
She's a fantastic dancer!
Be right back!
Need something from the locker room!
What could you need from a locker room?
It's where Agent Leopold keeps his gym shorts.
I'm gonna need more information.
He never washes them.
Yaw!
Brian!
What is that?
That smells like Agent Leopold.
Oh!
Call the detox crew!
Oh, I should learn Merlopia dances!
It wasn't me.
Why did you come along?
All you do is mess things up!
You can't drive, right?
You dance into alarms!
You bored ninja!
But it's not bring your ninja warrior friends to work day!
Those are the same ninja!
And jaywalker!
They flew the coop!
Curse you, Agent Leopold!
Oh, it's dead!
It's... in my lungs!
I think the sorceress is coming too! She sees her home!
Uh... maybe it'll get better inside?
Some kind of security!
This shouldn't be a problem!
Oh!
I hope you enjoy my traps!
That's what you get for trying to break in, whoever you are!
Predictable as always!
Janet!
Who's Janet?
We're almost around reassignment!
We'll be safe as soon as...
Oh!
And the tape as soon as...
Was this part of the plan?
I didn't want to have to do this!
Green guy!
Cake me!
Everybody!
We've got an office birthday today!
And you've all got to sign this card!
Ooh!
A birthday!
Leave some space for me!
Put in a sign!
Did you sign?
Hey! We need plates! And maskets!
Who's got plates and masks?
Forks! Are there forks?
I can grab them.
He just has them.
Come on! We need new clothes from Lost and Found!
Do something! Use your elemental powers!
There's no tech in this monastery!
Wait a minute!
What are you doing?
Casting a spell!
You don't know any spells!
Nope, but maybe we'll hit on something!
Not that!
Feels like we're getting closer?
I'm not sure that's true.
This is getting us nowhere!
No, but maybe these could get us somewhere.
We can hold onto these fish and pull ourselves out!
This now tops my weirdest things I've ever done list.
The Unlocked Man!
This is the number one ever done list!
Hmm.
Uh!
Ah!
The Underworld.
Why?
Told you, the land of Lee is weird,
and you definitely can't parade in there dressed like a ninja.
Ha-ha! Still got it!
Oh, one more thing.
For some reason,
everyone who got lost in the space bubbles were mostly a pair.
Like siblings, couples, whatever.
We need fake stories like that!
If we're going undercover,
Wild Fart, you and I are brother and sister.
Barf!
And Jay and Nia are married.
Gross, but okay.
Everybody ready?
There they are!
Let's shut down the system!
No!
Wildfire!
Leave her! The portal's closing!
You might have shattered your goodness, but we didn't!
Ah!
They've escaped!
Custard.
What is this now?
Appears and feels unauthorized.
Hope she'll be okay.
We're gonna have to come back and try to save her in that town.
What is he doing?
I have no idea.
Yes, Master. It will be done.
Oh, hey, Roz. The sorceress is settled in.
As safe as can be, I guess.
I do not care about her well-being.
She has served her purpose.
Now, to the underworld.